features: add access requests feature walk through (#618)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/features/features-walk-through/access_requests.md

# Request access to restricted files of a record

> You can allow authenticated and non-authenticated (guest) users to request access to view the restricted files of a public record. Access can be set to expire on a specific date as well as never expiring.
> 
> This can be useful for record owners to manage access to restricted files of each record. For not authorized users, it gives the possibility to request access to the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can allow authenticated and non-authenticated (guest) users to request access to view the restricted files of a public record. Access can be set to expire on a specific date as well as never expire.

This can be useful for record owners to manage access to restricted files of each record. For unauthorized users, it gives the possibility to request access to the files.
```

Author: Thanks a lot! Done ✅

## Enable access requests

As a record owner, you first need to allow accessing restricted files via a request:
0. Create a record with restricted files
1. Click on the "Share" button on the record landing page:
![Share button](./img/access_request_share_button.png)
2. Navigate to the "Access requests" tab of the modal:
![Access requests tab](./img/access_requests_tab.png)
3. Change the settings for the access requests:
*  Allow authenticated or/and unauthenticated users to request access to restricted files of your record.
*  Accept conditions. Provide a message that will be visible to the users in the request form (see screenshots below)
*  Set access expiration date. This setting will be applied by default to all access requests. When reviewing an access request, you can set a different value.
4. Save your changes
![Access requests tab save](./img/access_requests_tab_save.png)

Now both authenticated and anonymous users are able to **request** view access to your record’s files. You need to approve their request to grant them access to your record's files.

## Request access to restricted files

> As a user that would like to get access to restricted files of a record, it is nesessary to **fill in the request form** appearing in the record landing page. This action creates and submits a new access request: the record's owner will be notificed, and the request will appear on their respectives dashboards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a user that would like to get access to restricted files of a record, it is necessary to **fill in the request form** appearing in the record landing page. This action creates and submits a new access request: the record's owner will be notificed, and the request will appear on their respectives dashboards.
```
